MTM54530 beginners tutorial (#1390)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/welcome-users.md

---

> title: Quick start tutorial for beginners

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Quick start tutorial
```

icon: "c8y-icon c8y-icon-cumulocity-iot"
type: root
layout: redirect
bundle: welcome-users
section:
  - getting_started
weight: 29
---

> Follow this tutorial to learn some basics to start with if you are new to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this tutorial to take your first steps in the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform, register a first device, and create a dashboard and a report for it.
```
